commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/IntegerSequenceTest.java:273:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/IntegerSequenceTest.java:296:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:191:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:198:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:205:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:212:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:219:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:312:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:318:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:334:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:340:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:356:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:362:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:378:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:384:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:418:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:424:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:503:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:510:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:516:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:522:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:550:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:557:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:564:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:571:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:578:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:641:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:647:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:653:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:659:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:665:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:671:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:677:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:683:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:689:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:764:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:770:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:776:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1554:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1580:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1608:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1637:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1666:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1695:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1724:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1753:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1791:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1812:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1834:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1863:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1884:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1906:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:28:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:34:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:40:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:50:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:56:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:62:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DerivativeStructureTest.java:1377:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DerivativeStructureTest.java:1399:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/function/LogitTest.java:85:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/MidPointIntegratorTest.java:150:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/MidPointIntegratorTest.java:157:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/MidPointIntegratorTest.java:164:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/RombergIntegratorTest.java:109:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/RombergIntegratorTest.java:116:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/RombergIntegratorTest.java:123:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:110:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:117:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:124:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/TrapezoidIntegratorTest.java:108:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/TrapezoidIntegratorTest.java:115:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/TrapezoidIntegratorTest.java:122:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:44:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:52:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:60:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:69:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:79:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:52:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:59:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:66:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:72:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:78:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:84:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:92:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:98:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:104:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:110:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:161:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:170:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:48:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:56:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:64:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:71:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/DividedDifferenceInterpolatorTest.java:130:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/LinearInterpolatorTest.java:107:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/LinearInterpolatorTest.java:116:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/LinearInterpolatorTest.java:125:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/NevilleInterpolatorTest.java:130:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:49:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:56:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:63:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:70:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:78:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:86:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:94:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:102:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:111:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:120:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:46:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:53:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:60:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:67:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:75:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:83:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:91:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:99:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:108:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:117:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/SplineInterpolatorTest.java:166:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/SplineInterpolatorTest.java:175:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/SplineInterpolatorTest.java:184:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:51:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:60:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:69:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:78:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:86:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:94:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:102:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:110:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:118:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:126:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:134:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:143:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:151:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:159:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:167:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:175:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:183:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:191:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:199:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:208:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:216:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:224:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:232:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:240:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:248:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:256:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:264:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:44:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:51:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:58:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:65:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:72:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:79:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionLagrangeFormTest.java:146:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionLagrangeFormTest.java:155:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionNewtonFormTest.java:170:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionNewtonFormTest.java:179:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:68:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:75:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:82:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:120:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:127:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:164:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseSecantSolverAbstractTest.java:142:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseSecantSolverAbstractTest.java:148:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseSecantSolverAbstractTest.java:154:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:155:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:186:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:192:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:198:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:219:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/LaguerreSolverTest.java:156:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/LaguerreSolverTest.java:163:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolver2Test.java:142:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolver2Test.java:149:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolverTest.java:144:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolverTest.java:152:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/RiddersSolverTest.java:138:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/RiddersSolverTest.java:145:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:59:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:64:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:69:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:74:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:79:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:66:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:71:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:76:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:81:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:86:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/IntegerDistributionAbstractTest.java:264:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/IntegerDistributionAbstractTest.java:270:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/IntegerDistributionAbstractTest.java:276:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/RealDistributionAbstractTest.java:298:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/RealDistributionAbstractTest.java:304:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/RealDistributionAbstractTest.java:310:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizerAbstractTest.java:230:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizerAbstractTest.java:342:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizerAbstractTest.java:366:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/EvaluationTest.java:121:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/EvaluationTest.java:271:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:55:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:69:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:79:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:107:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:123:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:55:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:69:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:79:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:107:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:123:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:55:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:65:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:93:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:109:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:58:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:88:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:104:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:118:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizerTest.java:70:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/BinaryChromosomeTest.java:34:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/RandomKeyTest.java:144:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/RandomKeyTest.java:153:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:144:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:177:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:202:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:262:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:270:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:284:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:309:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:351:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:377:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:390:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:396:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:408:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:622:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:628:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:643:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:649:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:666:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:672:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:687:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:693:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:708:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:714:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:729:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:735:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:750:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:756:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:771:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:777:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:798:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:804:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:818:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:824:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:839:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:845:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:860:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:866:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:932:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:939:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:945:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:953:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:960:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:966:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:974:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:982:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:305:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:323:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:392:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:402:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:413:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:424:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:435:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:591:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:598:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:605:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:627:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:633:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:639:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:750:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:756:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:762:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:768:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:774:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:886:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:892:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:898:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:904:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:910:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1026:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1032:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1038:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1044:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1050:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1170:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1176:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1182:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1188:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1194:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:72:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:90:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:201:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:215:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:235:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:359:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:382:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:453:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:475:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:488:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:494:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:506:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:751:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:757:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:772:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:778:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:814:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:820:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:835:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:841:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:877:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:883:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:898:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:904:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:938:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:944:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:959:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:965:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1005:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1011:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1025:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1031:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1066:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1072:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1087:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1093:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1194:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1201:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1207:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1215:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1223:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1231:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:145:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:177:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:197:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:308:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:330:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:399:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:421:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:434:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:440:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:452:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:664:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:670:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:685:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:691:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:725:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:731:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:746:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:752:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:786:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:792:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:807:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:813:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:847:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:853:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:868:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:874:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:914:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:920:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:934:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:940:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:975:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:981:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:996:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1002:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1093:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1100:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1106:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1114:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1122:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1130:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/CholeskySolverTest.java:41:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/CholeskySolverTest.java:47:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/CholeskySolverTest.java:53:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenSolverTest.java:44:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenSolverTest.java:130:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenSolverTest.java:136:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenSolverTest.java:142:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUDecompositionTest.java:71:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUSolverTest.java:85:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUSolverTest.java:91:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUSolverTest.java:106:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUSolverTest.java:112:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:142:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:156:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:176:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:228:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:236:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:250:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:272:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:313:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:335:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:348:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:354:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:366:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:593:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:599:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:614:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:620:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:637:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:643:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:658:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:664:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:679:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:685:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:700:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:706:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:721:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:727:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:742:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:748:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:769:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:775:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:789:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:795:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:810:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:816:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:831:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:837:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:913:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:920:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:926:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:934:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:941:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:947:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:955:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:963:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/HessenbergTransformerTest.java:55:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUDecompositionTest.java:72:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:78:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:84:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:90:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:104:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:110:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:116:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:71:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:77:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:83:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:97:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:103:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:109:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:121:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:127:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:141:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:147:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:159:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:165:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:180:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:186:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:214:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:242:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToDoubleHashMapTest.java:263:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToDoubleHashMapTest.java:276:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToFieldTest.java:266:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToFieldTest.java:279:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:75:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:81:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:95:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:101:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:75:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:81:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:95:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:101:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealMatrixFormatAbstractTest.java:317:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1076:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1084:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1437:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1443:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1449:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1455:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1461:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1569:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1575:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1581:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1587:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1593:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1705:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1711:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1717:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1723:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1729:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1845:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1851:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1857:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1863:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1869:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorFormatAbstractTest.java:309:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SchurTransformerTest.java:56:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueSolverTest.java:45:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueSolverTest.java:51:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueSolverTest.java:57:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:166:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:182:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:209:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:237:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:262:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:303:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:329:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:342:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:348:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:360:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:431:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:437:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:443:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:449:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:455:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:461:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:476:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:482:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:497:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:503:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:518:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:524:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:539:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:545:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:614:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:621:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:627:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:635:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:641:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:649:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:657:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:202:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:306:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:312:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:318:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:324:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:330:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:442:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:448:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:454:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:460:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:466:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:582:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:588:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:594:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:600:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:606:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:726:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:732:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:738:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:744:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:750:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:155:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:179:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:206:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:234:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:259:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:300:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:326:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:339:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:345:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:357:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:428:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:434:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:440:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:446:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:452:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:458:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:473:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:479:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:494:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:500:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:515:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:521:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:536:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:542:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:609:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:616:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:622:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:630:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:636:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:644:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:652:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/TriDiagonalTransformerTest.java:44:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:112:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:120:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:128:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:62:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:69:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:277:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:295:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:305:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:315:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:325:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:335:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:112:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:120:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:128:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/DummyStepInterpolatorTest.java:111:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:770:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizerTest.java:56:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizerTest.java:180:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateOptimizerTest.java:110:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:83:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:90:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:100:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:107:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:114:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:137:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:61:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:68:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:78:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:86:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:97:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:104:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:117:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:124:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:152:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:159:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:187:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:194:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:221:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:245:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:273:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:302:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:342:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:383:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:390:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:424:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:430:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:436:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:448:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:541:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/CovarianceTest.java:183:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/CovarianceTest.java:189:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelationTest.java:210:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelationTest.java:217:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/SpearmansRankCorrelationTest.java:95:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/SpearmansRankCorrelationTest.java:102:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:81:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:201:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/MultivariateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:72:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/MultivariateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:181:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:61:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:82:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:100:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:114:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:180:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:281:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:287:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:308:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:393:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:399:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:405:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:411:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:262:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/SemiVarianceTest.java:33:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/SemiVarianceTest.java:39:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:133:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:139:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:168:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:214:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:220:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:361:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:518:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:524:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:729:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:735:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:808:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/BinomialTestTest.java:94:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/BinomialTestTest.java:101:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/BinomialTestTest.java:107:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:58:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:67:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:77:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:86:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:96:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:122:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:131:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:138:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:147:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:155:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:231:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:240:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:249:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:157:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:166:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:175:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:189:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:195:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:208:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:214:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:226:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:239:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:245:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:60:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:69:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:79:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:88:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:98:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:124:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:133:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:140:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:149:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:157:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:219:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:226:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:233:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:240:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:247:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:253:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:260:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:266:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:296:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:303:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:340:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:347:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:354:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:361:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:368:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:375:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:382:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:389:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:54:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:61:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:71:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:78:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:88:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:95:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/OneWayAnovaTest.java:67:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/OneWayAnovaTest.java:76:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:68:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:75:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:82:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:89:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:96:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:102:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:109:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:115:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:145:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:152:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:189:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:196:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:203:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:210:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:217:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:224:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:231:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:238:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:82:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:91:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:98:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:105:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:112:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:121:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:128:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:138:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:145:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:155:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:162:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:169:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:176:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/ranking/NaturalRankingTest.java:48:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/ranking/NaturalRankingTest.java:62:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:93:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:100:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:115:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:122:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:139:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:150:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:268:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:274:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:280:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:286:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:298:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:304:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:310:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:316:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:322:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:328:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:334:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:529:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2DTest.java:691:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2DTest.java:697:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2DTest.java:703:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2DTest.java:709:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransformerTest.java:218:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransformerTest.java:225:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransformerTest.java:232:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastHadamardTransformerTest.java:65:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:184:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:277:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:284:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:291:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/RealTransformerAbstractTest.java:146:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/RealTransformerAbstractTest.java:170:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/RealTransformerAbstractTest.java:194:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/RealTransformerAbstractTest.java:218:	JUnitUseExpected:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
